[docs] rewrite playbook pages (#15713) (#15716)
OpenCTI-Platform/opencti: docs/docs/usage/import/playbook-creation.md

# Playbook Creation
!!! tip "Enterprise edition"

    Playbook automation is available under the "OpenCTI Enterprise Edition" license. Read the [dedicated page](../administration/enterprise.md) for full details.

> OpenCTI playbooks are flexible automation scenarios that you can fully customize and activate to enrich, filter, and modify data created or updated in the platform. Platform administrators manage playbooks.

Reviewer: Platform administrators manage playbooks. -> this is not fully correct: "Any users with Bypass capability or Manage playbook capability can manage playbooks (see usrs.md)

Author: Good spot - I think that sentence is unnecessary as the capabilities required are detailed below. so I'll delete it.

> OpenCTI playbooks are flexible automation scenarios that you can fully customize and activate to enrich, filter, and modify data created or updated in the platform. Platform administrators manage playbooks.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenCTI playbooks are flexible automation scenarios that you can fully customize and activate to enrich, filter, and modify data created or updated in the platform.
```

#### Troubleshoot playbook execution

- **Fewer steps than expected:** If the execution trace shows fewer steps than your playbook contains, the playbook encountered an error and stopped early. For example, if your playbook has seven steps but only four appear in the trace, the playbook stopped at the fourth step.
- **Test with temporary steps:** If your playbook uses multiple components with different routes, add a temporary "Manipulate knowledge" step that applies a label. This helps you identify which route the bundle follows. Use this approach when the playbook output does not match your expectations.
- **Check Manipulate knowledge execution traces:** If the data does not change as expected, verify that the "Manipulate knowledge" step executed. If it did, open the execution trace details and confirm that the operation type (for example, add, replace, or remove), field, and value are correct. Also verify that the step scope targets the correct entities — either the triggering entity only, or all elements in the bundle.

![Execution trace panel showing completed steps and raw data for a playbook run](assets/playbook-traces.png)

## Tips on creating playbooks

> - The criteria set on the trigger node for a playbook controls the playbook availability. You can choose to add criteria in order to mean that the playbook is only available in certain conditions or if you prefer to enable users to run the playbook even with data that may not be valid then you can move the filter condition to a subsequent step in the playbook. 

Reviewer: Not sure to understand what you mean here, with playbook availability & move filters in subsequent step of the playbook.

Author: I've updated it. I added this line as shortly we will be introducing bulk enrollment to playbooks. In that circumstance only playbooks that all entities are valid for can be added (so users may want the playbook to do the filtering later on).

> - The criteria set on the trigger node for a playbook controls the playbook availability. You can choose to add criteria in order to mean that the playbook is only available in certain conditions or if you prefer to enable users to run the playbook even with data that may not be valid then you can move the filter condition to a subsequent step in the playbook. 

Author: ```suggestion
- The criteria set on the trigger node for a playbook controls the playbook availability to users for manual enrollment. You can choose to add criteria to the trigger node so the playbook is only available in certain conditions (e.g. or only for indicator entities). Alternatively, you can choose to leave the trigger node criteria empty and add a match knowledge node below to allow users to run the playbook on any data. 
```
